1. Whatis Pyhon ?
=> Python is a high-level, general-purpose programming language that is widely used for various applications. 
It was created by Guido van Rossum and first released in 1991. Python emphasizes readability and simplicity, 
aiming to provide a clear and concise syntax that is easy to understand and write.

2. Python Installation 
=> Here is a more detailed step-by-step guide for installing Python on different operating systems:

Windows:

Visit the official Python website at python.org.
Navigate to the Downloads section.
Scroll down to the "Python Releases for Windows" section.
Choose the latest version of Python 3.x (e.g., Python 3.9) or the version you prefer.
Select the installer appropriate for your Windows version (32-bit or 64-bit).
Click on the installer to download it.
Once the installer is downloaded, double-click on it to run it.
Check the box that says "Add Python [version] to PATH" (recommended).
Click "Customize installation" if you want to modify the installation location or the optional features.
Click "Install" to begin the installation process.
Wait for the installer to complete the installation.
After the installation is finished, click "Close" to exit the installer.
To verify the installation, open the Command Prompt and type python --version. You should see the installed version number.
macOS:

Visit the official Python website at python.org.
Navigate to the Downloads section.
Scroll down to the "Python Releases for macOS" section.
Choose the latest version of Python 3.x (e.g., Python 3.9) or the version you prefer.
Select the macOS installer package appropriate for your macOS version.
Click on the installer package to download it.
Once the installer package is downloaded, double-click on it to run it.
Follow the installation wizard's instructions, and you can usually accept the default settings unless you have specific preferences.
If prompted, enter your administrator password to allow the installation.
Wait for the installation to complete.
After the installation is finished, you can close the installer package.
To verify the installation, open the Terminal and type python3 --version. You should see the installed version number.
Linux:

Open a Terminal.
Check if Python is already installed by typing python --version or python3 --version. If a version number is displayed, 
it means Python is already installed. If not, proceed with the installation.
Update the package manager by running the following command:
For Debian/Ubuntu-based systems: sudo apt update
For Fedora: sudo dnf update
For CentOS/RHEL: sudo yum update
Install Python using the package manager by running the following command:
For Debian/Ubuntu-based systems: sudo apt install python3
For Fedora: sudo dnf install python3
For CentOS/RHEL: sudo yum install python3
After the installation is finished, you can verify it by typing python3 --version in the Terminal. 
You should see the installed version number.

Note: The package manager commands mentioned above assume you are using popular Linux distributions. 
If you are using a different distribution, the commands may vary. 
Please refer to your distribution's documentation for the appropriate package manager commands.

That's it! You should now have Python installed on your system and ready to use.

3. 